add more details about first frame and EngineInfo (#222)
decentraland/adr: content/ADR-148-processing-scene-messages.md

  <img src="/resources/ADR-148/Frame 7.svg" />
</figure>

#### First frame

> The first frame of a scene is either sent by the scene code or by the runtime (via `main.crdt` as stated in [ADR-133](/adr/ADR-133)). The physics phase of this initial frame MUST only be executed after all the messages of this initial frame have been processed and after all the models have been loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first frame of a scene is either sent by the scene code or by the runtime (via `main.crdt` as stated in [ADR-133](/adr/ADR-133)). The physics phase of this initial frame MUST only be executed after all its messages have been processed and all the models have been loaded.
```

> This is so, to enable the scene to embed Raycast queries that will hit the models that are being loaded in this first frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This enables the scene to embed Raycast queries that will hit the models being loaded in this first frame.
```
